Prep Time : 10 mins | Cook Time : 20 Mins |  Serves: 3
 Recipe Category: Breakfast-Dinner
 Recipe Cuisine: Indo-Chinese

   Ingredients needed 

   Chinese Noodles -1 packet 
   Onion -1
   Beans -7-8 
   Carrot -1 
   Tomatoes -3
   Spring onion greens- 1/4 cup chopped 
   Tomato sauce -2 tbsp 
   Eggs-2 
   Oil -4 tsp 
   Salt as needed
   Pepper powder to taste

   For the Grinding

   Ginger - inch piece
   Garlic cloves -5
   Red Chillies -5
   Onion -1/2 an onion

Preparation

Boil water in a wide pan with a tsp of oil and 1/2 tsp of salt. When water starts boiling, add the noodles and cook for 4-5 minutes stirring occasionally or as instructed in the pack. Make sure not to overcook the noodles.

Drain the water completely from the noodles and run cold water through the noodles to prevent it from sticking together. Add a tsp of oil and toss noodles. Keep it aside.

Wash and cut beans and carrot into thin pieces lengthwise.

Grind ginger, garlic, red chillies and onion to a fine paste.

Crack eggs and pour it into a cup, add a little salt to it, slightly mix it with a fork and keep it ready.
Par boil carrot and beans with a little salt. Drain the water and keep it aside.Vegetable should be crunchy. You can even saute it separately and add instead of boiling it.

Recipe Instructions 

In a pan, heat 4 tsp of oil, add chopped onions and saute until onions turn transparent. Add a little salt while sauteing onions. 
Then add chopped tomatoes, salt needed and cook until tomatoes become mushy. Add the ground paste and cook until the raw flavor of the masala goes.
Cooking the masala well is important otherwise you will get the raw flavor of the onion.
Once the masala is well cooked add spring onion greens, par boiled vegetables, cooked noodles and tomato sauce. Mix everything well.

Move the noodles to the side of the pan. Heat a tsp of oil and add the egg mixture as shown in the picture below. When the egg starts to get cooked, stir it with a spatula and prepare egg scramble. Add pepper powder to taste.Take two large forks and toss the noodles, so that everything gets mixed well. You can also prepare egg scramble in a separate pan and add to the noodles.